Give extra architecture information (#1)
hpi-sam/sct-validation-framework: README.md

     - `getHighlightAtPosition(int x, int y)` is called after a click on the coordinates in the parameters. If something implementing `IHighlightable` is clicked, this should be returned to display its information. If `null` is returned, the current selection is kept.
     - `close()` is called when the simulator is closed. Clean up everything that needs to be cleaned up.

>    - When there is the need to add/edit static parameters (magic numbers), do so by extending the class `core.Configuration`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - When you need to overwrite and/or add static parameters (magic numbers), do so by adding a class that extends `core.Configuration` in your `world` subpackage.

```
